---
layout: post
title: Headings test
date: 2023-12-18
categories: test-doc
toc: true
---

# This is a sample title with more than 10 words

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.

## Here's another example of a title with more than 10 words

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.

### A longer title that exceeds the 10-word requirement for this example

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.

#### An example of a title that contains more than 10 words to demonstrate the formatting

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.

##### This is a heading with a title that has more than 10 words to showcase the different levels

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.

###### A title that goes beyond the 10-word limit to illustrate the usage of heading levels

No, in CSS and SCSS, you cannot directly style the parent of an element based on
its child. The reason is that CSS is a "Cascading Style Sheets" language, which
means it applies styles from top to bottom, from parent to child. This is a
one-way cascade and there's no built-in way to go upstream from a child to its
parent.
